chore: cleanup (#646)
openedx/open-edx-proposals: oeps/processes/oep-0055-proc-project-maintainers.rst

Historically, the Open edX project has not had a well-defined role
of maintainer.  At times, community members stepped into this role
informally.  The role was also part of a broader "owner" role at edX.

> Owners were also responsible for the health of the components they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Owners were also responsible for the health of the component(s) they
```

Author: Sure

       can be seen in much literature that starts from the assumption
       that maintainers are essential and instead asks, what makes a
       maintainer great, what are the best-practices maintainers
       should follow, how do we ensure maintainers don't burn out, how
       do we ensure critical parts of the software supply chain, like

>        OpenSSL is maintained, etc.  I have included some relevant

Reviewer: Rervert this change ("are" is referring to the plural "critical parts")

Author: You're absolutely right!
